content/docs/700_tasks-notifications/701_add-tasks/index.md, before:

---
title: "How do I add tasks to my task list?"
description: "Learn how to add new tasks to your task list"
draft: false
weight: 702
url: "tasks/add-tasks"
---

{{< alert icon="💸" context="info" text="Tasks and Task Notifications are [**Premium features**](../../account/premium-subscription)" />}}

Plant tasks are automatically added to your task list when you drag and drop plants into your garden plans. You can customize this behavior in the Plant Tasks screen by following the steps below:

## Add Multiple Plant Tasks at Once

1. Select **More** from the menu bar then select **Tasks**<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Menu-bar-more.jpg "Screenshot of the More menu option" >}}<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Menu-bar-tasks.jpg "Screenshot of the Tasks menu option" >}}<br /><br />

2. Select **Plant Tasks**<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Plant-tasks.jpg "Screenshot of the plant tasks button" >}}<br /><br />

3. Expand the Bulk Actions dropdown<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Bulk-actions.jpg "Screenshot of the bulk actions dropdown" >}}<br /><br />

4. To add tasks for the all plants in your garden plans select **Do It**<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Garden-tasks.jpg "Screenshot of the button to add tasks for all garden plants" >}}

{{< alert icon="🧄" context="info" text="Tasks will not be added for plants that are only in archived garden plans" />}}

## Add Tasks for Plants Individually

1. Select **More** from the menu bar then select **Tasks**<br /><br />
   {{< screenshot Menu-bar-more.jpg "Screenshot of the More menu option" >}}<br /><br />
   {{< screenshot Menu-bar-tasks.jpg "Screenshot of the Tasks menu option" >}}<br /><br />

2. Select **Plant Tasks**<br /><br />
   {{< screenshot Plant-tasks.jpg "Screenshot of the plant tasks button" >}}<br /><br />

3. To add tasks for plants one-by-one use the search bar to find a plant then select the **Start Inside**, **Transplant**, **Sow Outside**, or **Harvest** buttons under the plant<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Tomato-task-buttons.jpg "Screenshot of the task buttons for tomatoes" >}}

Commit message:

Edit bulk remove, re-order add tasks

content/docs/700_tasks-notifications/701_add-tasks/index.md, after:

---
title: "How do I add tasks to my task list?"
description: "Learn how to add new tasks to your task list"
draft: false
weight: 702
url: "tasks/add-tasks"
---

{{< alert icon="💸" context="info" text="Tasks and Task Notifications are [**Premium features**](../../account/premium-subscription)" />}}

Plant tasks are automatically added to your task list when you drag and drop plants into your garden plans. You can customize this behavior in the Plant Tasks screen by following the steps below:

## Add or customize individual tasks

1. Select **More** from the menu bar then select **Tasks**<br /><br />
   {{< screenshot Menu-bar-more.jpg "Screenshot of the More menu option" >}}<br /><br />
   {{< screenshot Menu-bar-tasks.jpg "Screenshot of the Tasks menu option" >}}<br /><br />

2. Select **Plant Tasks**<br /><br />
   {{< screenshot Plant-tasks.jpg "Screenshot of the plant tasks button" >}}<br /><br />

3. To add or edit tasks for plants one-by-one use the search bar to find a plant then select or de-select the **Start Inside**, **Transplant**, **Sow Outside**, or **Harvest** buttons under the plant<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Tomato-task-buttons.jpg "Screenshot of the task buttons for tomatoes" >}}


## Add tasks in bulk
{{< alert icon="🧄" context="info" text="Tasks come pre-loaded for the plants in your garden plan. You should only need add tasks in bulk if you've deleted tasks in error or have unarchived a garden plan." />}}

1. Select **More** from the menu bar then select **Tasks**<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Menu-bar-more.jpg "Screenshot of the More menu option" >}}<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Menu-bar-tasks.jpg "Screenshot of the Tasks menu option" >}}<br /><br />

2. Select **Plant Tasks**<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Plant-tasks.jpg "Screenshot of the plant tasks button" >}}<br /><br />

3. Expand the Bulk Actions dropdown<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Bulk-actions.jpg "Screenshot of the bulk actions dropdown" >}}<br /><br />

4. To add tasks for the all plants in your garden plans select **Do It**<br /><br />
{{< screenshot Garden-tasks.jpg "Screenshot of the button to add tasks for all garden plants" >}}

{{< alert icon="🧄" context="info" text="Tasks will not be added for plants that are only in archived garden plans" />}}
